So let's go through creating a billing alarm.
And billing data is going to be stored in only one region.
It is us-east-1 and this is in CloudWatch.
But the data is going to be for your overall worldwide cost.
Okay. So not just for that one region.
It is only started in one region
but represents worldwide costs.
And it's actual cost incurred into your accounts,
not for project-specific costs.
So let's go ahead and create an alarm together.
So for this tutorial,
please make sure that you are selecting
US East Northern Virginia us-east-1 as an option,
because this is how you access your billing alarm.
Then you go into the CloudWatch console.
And to find your billing alarms,
you need to go on the left-hand side into Alarms
and then Billing.
So this only appears in us-east-1.
So this is where you can create your billing alarms.
And this is to see whether or not
you have alerts based on your actual spend.
So let's create an alarm
and then when you select metric.
And so here, the metrics are going to be related
to your billing.
Okay. So the first thing you have to do is
to enable billing alerts.
So let's go to my billing dashboard.
And then on the left-hand side,
we have Billing preferences.
And then we can click on Receive Billing Alerts.
And this is to enable monitoring the usage charges and fees.
So you need to enable this
and then you need to wait about 15 minutes
for your data collection to be active.
So I'm going to enable this and pause the video and wait.
Now that I've activated my billing alerts,
I can go into CloudWatch
and start looking at my billing data.
So we did about maybe two or three hours to get back to you.
So now if I go on the left-hand side, under Billing,
I can create an alarm
and select a metric.
And here I have access now to the billing metrics
and they would not appear if you did not enable
that tick box here
and give it some time to populate.
So we get By Service
and so we can get a billing by service.
So if you wanted to control, for example,
your Amazon EC2 cost, you could just tick that.
And if you wanted to just look at your overall cost,
you would go one level up
and then you go Total Estimated Charges
and you would click on it.
Now, obviously there's not showing
something very, very interesting right now
because we only have one data point and it's $1.36.
So I don't spend a lot on my accounts.
But at least you could select this metric, for example,
and then you could, for example, define a condition,
being static,
and saying that if you become greater than $10 USD.
then please send me an alarm.
Okay. And the alarm could be, for example,
that you should send it out to an existing SNS topic
and create the relevant SNS topic.
So that's it for billing alarms.
I hope that makes sense.
So remember, you can set them at two levels.
You can send them on the metrics
at the overall spend for your accounts,
or you can also send it by service
and drill down for the service you want,
for example, Amazon S3, SNS, Config, and so on. Okay.
So that's it. I hope you liked this lecture.
And I will see you in the next lecture.